do not create namespaces if it does not exist (#30)
paralus/relay: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
### Changed
### Fixed

> - Don't automatically create namespace if it does not exist ([#28](https://github.com/paralus/relay/issues/28))

Reviewer: The format would be:
```suggestion
- Don't automatically create namespace if it does not exist from [niravparikh05](https://github.com/niravparikh05)
```
